finally a new boni does not propose in
two this time because manu has too much to
do and that instead is breaking the
back and therefore cannot make videos
so we'll be just me and patrician for a
little roofs for the exams because otherwise
seems to be a monster but there is ai
exams therefore will not be able to participate as
always to the videos and you will probably have
already noted, however, this is not what
we want to tell you that we are proud of
be present at the fashion fair that
are nerd festivals and we will do it
because we are in most nerds of all and
so we deserve to participate in
this race covered tomorrow in fashion
what is the life of the cinema if me
I remember apple that subscribed to me
wait until I read it written almost away
louis miranda than probably one
we are not the most famous of the poggio streets
so is the idea that already pours back
and we will be on the 20th of 24th Saturday and Sunday
and nothing we are there is nice because
we usually find ourselves only at fairs
instead of Rome now we too
foggiani is called out of French poggesi
to militants of the city of style
quietly come to give us the pats
on the shoulders, that is masculine
they returned you can do what
wants among other things launches peratech e
beards we now have bystanders
beard brothers so you can come
and touch the beard and a few stops that
there is not he pulled and nothing then you
we will leave in description all the
details of the fair site of the nerd
punto it presents however moment then
in descriptions and nothing else
important that we wanted to announce is that
but opened the fk gamer store which is a
store that
new newly opened dealing
configurations and gaming objects
so present that mouse test
keyboards and kids tough to play is
plus the beautiful thing is that there is one inside
all sound and magic room to do
the live twitches then you will find then various
custer say you tube r's that will come there
and so it will be nice too
it will probably miss and so am I
with the role of store manager of assets
and I'm there that you see exactly
you can go fans all the questions that
you want to buy a cock
you can do it me you will find every day
in there then come and also here
we will leave everything in description it seems to me
exactly said if it seems to me that it is not there
nothing else to say and maybe
I don't know if we'll do a more precise blog
so I will announce it and also here in
which is approaching summer like who
he has been following us for so many years now
summer we stop a little bit of it
let's hear the exact rope a little
let's make five more videos a week but
we would do 3
if all goes well we will do the back spot e
the felissimo the retro flash and the top ten
Sunday so that you will always stay
with in hand
you know that if we do this e
because then in September the news starts
that is, so that is then then you will find yourself
a retro players channel
cover man in exact September I hope
which we hope to be able to maintain these
promises, however, we advise you here
because I don't know if it's worth doing
another which puts him bernat will therefore not be
I recommend summer break visit the site
of fk store.it where ours works
dear retro play and now can no longer
say that they kill people for work
be sure to leave everything in
Beautiful and uncomplicated race discussion
nice to get this one with you
mr sa sta but it is a pleasure also for
me company of beautiful parma boys
we peck something and at the nice shop